Update `Music theory/Beat` and remove the `Beat` duplicate (#8131)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Music_theory/Beat/en.md

---
tags:
  - beats
  - white line
  - white lines
  - white tick
  - white ticks
  - whole beat
  - whole beats
---

# Beat

A **beat** is a repeating unit of time in music, which creates the rhythm.

![In-game screenshot of editor timeline](img/timeline.png "Each white tick represents a beat in the music")

> A whole beat is referred to as 1/1 and is contained between two adjacent white lines on the [timeline](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Timelines). Equal amounts of beats are grouped into [measures](/wiki/Music_theory/Measure), which start from [downbeats](/wiki/Music_theory/Downbeat) represented by big white ticks.

Reviewer: ah, yes woops forgot osu mappers make up their own terms. i've edited the suggestion and added one below

> Other notes are expressed through a whole beat by dividing or multiplying its length. The beatmap editor's [beat snap divisor](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Beat_Snap_Divisor) does that automatically for a mapper, allowing for changing the object granularity on the fly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other notes are expressed through a beat by dividing or multiplying its length. The beatmap editor's [beat snap divisor](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Beat_Snap_Divisor) does that automatically for a mapper, allowing for changing the temporal granularity on the fly.
```

> Other notes are expressed through a beat by dividing or multiplying its length. The beatmap editor's [beat snap divisor](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Beat_Snap_Divisor) does that automatically for a mapper, allowing for changing the temporal granularity on the fly.

Reviewer: i'm sure this won't cause any confusion

```suggestion
Other notes are expressed through a beat by dividing or multiplying its length. The beatmap editor's [beat snap divisor](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Beat_Snap_Divisor) does that automatically for a mapper, allowing for changing the temporal granularity on the fly.

Since a beat snap divisor of 1/1 corresponds to a whole beat, one beat is also commonly referred to as a "1/1", a half of a beat (an eighth note) is called a "1/2", a quarter of a beat (a sixteenth note) is called a "1/4", etc.
```

Author: reads like just what I was looking
